aaaaaaaaaaabaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaa yes
abaa yes
aaaabbbbaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaabba yes
abbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbaa yes
abbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
abbaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbaa yes
aaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaba yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaabbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaba yes
aaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaabba yes
aaaabbaa yes
aabbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aabaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbba yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbba yes
aaabbbbba yes
aabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbaaaaa yes
abbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbba yes
aabbbbaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbba yes
aaaaabbbaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbaa yes
aaabaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaa yes
aaaaaaabaaaaaa yes
abbbbaaa yes
aaaaaabbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaa yes
aaabaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaa yes
abbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbba yes
aaabbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaba yes
aaaaaabbbaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaabaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaba yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaa yes
abbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaabaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaabbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaabba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbba yes
aaabbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbba yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbaaaaaaa yes
aabaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbaaaa yes
aaabbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabaaa yes
aaaabaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
abbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaabaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabba yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaabaaa yes
aabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abaaaaaaaaaa yes
abaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbaa yes
aaabbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbaaa yes
abbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbba yes
abbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aabbaaa yes
aaaaabbbba yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbaa yes
aaabbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaabaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbaa yes
aaaaaabbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbba yes
aaaabbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
abaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbba yes
abbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaabaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aabaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaa yes
aabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aabaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbba yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaabbaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaa yes
aabbba yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbaa yes
abaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aabbaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaabbaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbba yes
abbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbba yes
aabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaa yes
aaabaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabba yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaabbaaaaa yes
aaaaabbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaabbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaa yes
aabbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaa yes
aaabbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaa yes
abbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaba yes
abbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaa yes
aaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
abbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaa yes
abbbbbaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aabbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbba yes
abbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbaaaaaaa yes
aaabaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbba yes
aabbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaabaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabaa yes
aaaaaabbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbba yes
aabbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaabbbbaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
abbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaabaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaabbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaa yes
aabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbaaaa yes
abbaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
abaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabba yes
aabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbba yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaabba yes
aaaabbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabba yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaa yes
aaabbba yes
abbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
abbbbbbba yes
aaaabbba yes
aaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbaa yes
aaaaaabbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaabbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaabbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaabaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabaaaa yes
aaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aabbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaa yes
aaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaabbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbba yes
aaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaabbaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaabbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbaa yes
abbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbba yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaa yes
aaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaba yes
abbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaba yes
aaabbbbbbaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbaa yes
abbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aabbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaabba yes
aaaaaabaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbba yes
abbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaabbbaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaabbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbba yes
aaaaaaaabaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
abbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaba yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaabbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaabbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaabbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbaa yes
aaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbaaa yes
aaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbba yes
aaabbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aabaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaa yes
abbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbaaaa yes
aabbaa yes
abbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
abbbbbbbbbaa yes
aabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbaaaaa yes
aabba yes
aabbbbba yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
abbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaa yes
abbbbbaa yes
aaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
abaaaaaa yes
abaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbba yes
aaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbba yes
aaaaaabbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaabaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
abaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbaaaa yes
abbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbba yes
abbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbaaaaaaa yes
aabaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
abbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaabbbbaa yes
aaabbbbbbaaa yes
abbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaba yes
aaaaaaabbaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbba yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaa yes
aba yes
aaabbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbba yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaba yes
aaaabbbbbbaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaabaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbba yes
aabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaa yes
aabaaaa yes
aabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbaa yes
aaaaaabbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabaa yes
aabbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbba yes
aaaabbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaabaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbaaaa yes
abbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbaaaaaaa yes
abbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaabbaaaaaa yes
abbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaabbbaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaa yes
abbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbaaa yes
abbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbaaaaa yes
abbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
abbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbaaa yes
aaabbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbaaa yes
aaabaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aabbbba yes
aabbbbbbaaa yes
aaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaa yes
abbbbbaaaa yes
aabbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
abbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbba yes
abbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaabbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaba yes
aabbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aabbbbbaaaaaa yes
aabaaaaaaaa yes
aaba yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbaa yes
abaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaba yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaabaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaabbbbbba yes
aaaaaaabbbaaa yes
abaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaabbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbaa yes
abbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbba yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaabbaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaa yes
aabbbaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabaa yes
abbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
abbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabba yes
aabbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbaa yes
aabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabaaa yes
abba yes
aaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbba yes
aaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbba yes
aaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaabbaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aabaaaaaaa yes
aabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbba yes
aaaaaaabbaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaabbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbba yes
aaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaa yes
aabbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
abbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbaaa yes
abbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaa yes
aaaabbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaa yes
abbbba yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaa yes
abbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaa yes
aaaabbbba yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbaaaa yes
aabaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbaa yes
aaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aabbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaabbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
abaaaa yes
aaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaa yes
abbbbbba yes
aabbaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaabbbbaa yes
aaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabaa yes
abbba yes
aaabbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaabba yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaabbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaabbbaaaa yes
aaabbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbba yes
aaabbaaa yes
aabaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbba yes
aaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbba yes
aabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabba yes
abbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbaaaa yes
aaaaabbaa yes
abbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaa yes
abbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbaaa yes
aabbbbaaaa yes
aaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaabaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbaa yes
aabbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
abaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabaaaaaa yes
aaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbaaaa yes
aaaaabbbaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaa yes
aaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
abbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbaaa yes
aaaabbaaaa yes
aaabbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbaaaaa yes
aaabbaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbaa yes
aaaaaabbbaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbaaaaaaa yes
aabbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbaaa yes
aaaaaaabaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbba yes
aaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaba yes
abbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabaaaaa yes
aabbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aabaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaa yes
aaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbba yes
aaaaaabbbaaaa yes
aaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaabbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbba yes
aaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
abbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
abbaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aabbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaabbaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaba yes
aaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaabbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaabaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbba yes
abbbbbbbba yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaa yes
abbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbaa yes
aaaaabaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbaaa yes
abbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaabaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaabbbbaaaaaa yes
aabbbaaa yes
abaaaaa yes
aabbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbaa yes
abbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
abaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabba yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaabbba yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabaa yes
aaaaaaaaba yes
aaaaaabbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aabbbbbbbbbba yes
aabbbbbbbaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
abbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
abbaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaabbbaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbba yes
aaabbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaba yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbba yes
aaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aabbbbbbba yes
aaabaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbba yes
aabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbba yes
aabbbbbaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaabbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaa yes
aabbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
abbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbba yes
aaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbaaaaaa yes
abaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbba yes
abbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbba yes
aaaabaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbaa yes
abbbaa yes
aaaabaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbba yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabba yes
aaabbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaa yes
abbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabaaaa yes
aabbbbbba yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaabbbbaa yes
aaaabaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaba yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
abbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaba yes
aaaabbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbba yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbba yes
aabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
abbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaa yes
abbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbba yes
aabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
abbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaa yes
aaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbba yes
aaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaabbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaa yes
aabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbba yes
abbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaabbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aabbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaa yes
abbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaa yes
abbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaa yes
aabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbaaa yes
abbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbba yes
aaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbaaaa yes
abbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaba yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaa yes
aaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabba yes
abbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbba yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaa yes
aaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaa yes
abbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
abbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabba yes
aaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaabaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaa yes
aabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
abbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaa yes
abbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaa yes
aaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaa yes
aaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaa yes
aaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaabbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbba yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaa yes
abbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaa yes
abbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaabbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabba yes
aaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaa yes
aaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
abbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
abbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
abaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbba yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbba yes
aaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaa yes
aaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
abbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aabbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbba yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaaa yes
abbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaa yes
aaaaabaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbaa yes
aaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaabbba yes
abbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabba yes
aaaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
abbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaabbbaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaabbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbbbaaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaabbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbaaaaaaaaaaaa yes
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbaaaa yes
aaaaaaabbbbaaaaaaaaaaa yes
