ccccccccccccddc yes
ccccdcccc yes
cccdddddc yes
cccdddddccccc yes
ccccccccdc yes
ccddddc yes
ccccccccddcccc yes
cdddc yes
cddcccccccccc yes
cccccddc yes
cccccdccc yes
cddc yes
ccccccccdddcc yes
ccccdddcc yes
cddddddddddcccc yes
cdddcccccc yes
cccddddccccc yes
cccccccdccc yes
cccccddcc yes
ccccddddc yes
cdccc yes
ccccccccccdcc yes
cccccdddcc yes
ccdddc yes
ccdddddccc yes
ccdddddddcccccccc yes
ccddccc yes
cccddddddcc yes
cddddcccccccc yes
cddddddcccc yes
ccddddddddddddcccc yes
cccccccccdcccccc yes
cccddc yes
cdddddddc yes
ccdddddddddddccccc yes
ccdccc yes
cccccdddcccccccc yes
ccdc yes
cdddddc yes
ccccdccccccccc yes
cccccccdddccc yes
cccccddcccc yes
ccccccccccccccccddddddddddddddddddccc yes
ccccccccdccccccc yes
cddddcccccccccccc yes
cddddddddddddddccc yes
cccddcc yes
ccccdddc yes
cccccccccddddddccccccc yes
ccdddccccccccc yes
cddddccc yes
ccccdddddddddddcc yes
ccddddccccc yes
ccccdcc yes
ccddcc yes
cdddddccc yes
ccddc yes
ccccccddcccc yes
cdc yes
ccccccccccccccddddc yes
cccdddcc yes
cdcccc yes
ccdddddddcc yes
cddccc yes
ccccccccccccdc yes
cccccdcc yes
cccccccddc yes
ccccccccccddddddddcc yes
cccddddddccc yes
cccccccdddc yes
cccddddcccccccc yes
cddcccc yes
cccdddddddc yes
cddcc yes
ccddcccc yes
ccdddddcccc yes
cdcccccccc yes
ccccdddccc yes
cddddddccccc yes
ccdddccccc yes
ccdddddddc yes
cccddddccc yes
cddddddc yes
cccdc yes
cccddcccccc yes
cccccdccccc yes
cccddddcc yes
ccccccccccddcc yes
cccdddddcc yes
cdddccccc yes
ccccddddddc yes
ccddddddccc yes
cccdccccc yes
ccccccccddddddddcccccccc yes
cccddddddcccccc yes
cdcc yes
cccccdcccccccc yes
cddddc yes
cccddddddddddccc yes
cdddddddddddcc yes
ccccccccccddc yes
cccccddddcc yes
cccccccccccccdc yes
cddddccccccccccc yes
ccccddccccc yes
cdddddddccc yes
cccddddcccc yes
cccccdddddc yes
ccccccddddc yes
cccdcccc yes
cddccccc yes
ccccccccccccdcc yes
cccdddddddccc yes
cccccdddddddddcccc yes
cccccccdddcc yes
cccdddccccc yes
cccddddddddddcc yes
ccdcccccc yes
ccccccccddccc yes
cccccdddccc yes
cccccccccccccdddccc yes
cdddcc yes
cccccdddddcc yes
ccccddddddddc yes
ccccccccddcccccc yes
cddddccccccccc yes
cccdddddddccccccc yes
cccddddc yes
ccccccccccccccdcccc yes
ccccccccdddddddcccc yes
ccccddcc yes
cccdddddddddddcccc yes
ccdcccc yes
cdddccc yes
ccdddddddddddcc yes
cccccccdddcccccc yes
cdddddddccccc yes
cccccccccddddddcc yes
cccccddddccc yes
ccddccccc yes
ccccccccddddddddddddddddddc yes
cccddddddc yes
ccccccccccddddc yes
cddddccccc yes
cccdcc yes
ccdddcc yes
cdcccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccdddddcccccc yes
ccddddcccc yes
ccccdc yes
ccdcc yes
cccccdddddcccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccddddcccccccc yes
ccdddddddddc yes
cccdccccccc yes
ccccddddddddddccccccc yes
cccdddddccc yes
ccccdddccccc yes
cdddddddddcccccc yes
cddddcc yes
ccdddccccccc yes
cccdccc yes
cdddccccccc yes
cccddddccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddccc yes
ccccccddccccccccc yes
cccccdc yes
cdddddcccc yes
cccccccccccddddcc yes
ccccccddddddccccc yes
ccdddccc yes
cccccccccddddccc yes
cccdddddddddccc yes
ccdddddddccc yes
ccccccccdddddccccccc yes
ccccddddddddcc yes
cccdddddddddddddddccccccc yes
ccccccddcc yes
ccddddddcccccc yes
ccccccccdcccccc yes
cccccddddc yes
cdddcccc yes
ccccccccccccccdccccc yes
ccccddccccccccccccc yes
cdddddddddddddddccc yes
ccddddddc yes
ccddccccccccc yes
cccccccddddddc yes
ccccccdccccc yes
ccccccddddddddccccc yes
cccccccccdccccccc yes
ccdcccccccc yes
ccccccccddccccccc yes
ccccccddddcccccc yes
ccccdddddccc yes
ccccccddddcc yes
ccccccdddddccccccccccc yes
cccddccc yes
cddcccccc yes
cccccdcccc yes
cddddddccc yes
cccccccccccdc yes
ccccccccdddddccc yes
cdccccccccccc yes
cccccccccddddc yes
cccccddddcccc yes
ccccdddcccccccccc yes
ccccccccddddcc yes
cddccccccc yes
cddddddddccccccccc yes
cddddddddccccc yes
ccccccccdccccc yes
cccddddddddddddddddcccccc yes
cdddddddddc yes
ccccddddddddcccccc yes
ccddddcc yes
ccccdccccc yes
ccdddddccccc yes
cccccdddddddcccc yes
ccccccdddc yes
cccccddcccccc yes
cccccccdddcccccccccc yes
cccddddddccccc yes
cdddddddcc yes
cccddddcccccc yes
ccccddcccccccccccccc yes
ccccddddddddddccc yes
ccccccccccddddddc yes
ccccddddcccccc yes
cccccccccdddc yes
ccdccccccc yes
cccccdccccccccccc yes
ccddcccccccccc yes
cccccccddccccccc yes
cddcccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccddccc yes
cccccccdddccccccc yes
cccdddcccc yes
ccdddddc yes
ccccccddddccc yes
cccccccccccccdddddddddccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccddccc yes
ccccdddcccc yes
cccccccddddc yes
ccccccccccccddccccccccc yes
cccccccccddccccc yes
ccccddddcc yes
cccddcccc yes
cccccddccccccc yes
cddddddddddddddcc yes
cccccccccccddddccccc yes
cccccccccddddddddc yes
cccccccccddddcccc yes
cccddddddddc yes
cccccdddddcccccc yes
ccccccccdcccc yes
ccccddcccccccc yes
ccccccdddccccc yes
ccccccdcc yes
ccccddccc yes
ccccccccccccccddddddccccccc yes
ccddcccccc yes
ccddddddddccc yes
cddddddddcc yes
cccdddddcccc yes
cccdddc yes
cdddcccccccccccc yes
ccccdccccccc yes
ccdddddcc yes
cccccccdc yes
cccccccdddddcccccccc yes
ccccddddddccccc yes
ccddddddddddc yes
cdcccccc yes
cccccccddcc yes
cddddcccc yes
ccdddcccc yes
ccdccccccccc yes
ccccddcccc yes
ccdddddddccccccc yes
cccccccddddcccccc yes
ccddddcccccccc yes
cccccdccccccc yes
cccccccccdddddccccc yes
cccccccdccccccc yes
ccccccdc yes
ccddccccccc yes
cccccccccccdddddddcc yes
cccccccccccccccddc yes
ccccccdddccc yes
cddcccccccccccccc yes
cddccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccdddcc yes
cccccccccddddddccc yes
ccddddddccccc yes
cccddddddddddddc yes
cccddccccccc yes
cccccccddddddccc yes
cddddddddddddcccc yes
ccddddddddddcc yes
cdddddcccccc yes
ccccdddddddccccccc yes
cccdcccccc yes
cccccccddddcc yes
ccccccccdddddcccccccc yes
cccccdddddccc yes
cccccdddcccccc yes
cccccccccddccc yes
cdddddccccc yes
cccccdcccccc yes
ccccccdccc yes
ccddddddddddddddddccc yes
ccccccccdddccc yes
ccccccdddddc yes
cccccccccddddddddddc yes
cccccddccc yes
cccddccccc yes
cccccccddddccc yes
cccccddddddddc yes
ccccccddddccccccc yes
ccdddddccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccdddddddcc yes
ccccccccccccccccccccdc yes
cccccddddddddcc yes
cccccddddccccc yes
cccccccccdc yes
ccccccccddc yes
cccccdddddddddcc yes
cccccdddddddc yes
ccccccccddddddddddddccc yes
cccccccdddddccccc yes
ccddddddddddccc yes
cccdddddddcc yes
cccddccccccccc yes
ccccccdccccccccc yes
ccddddddcc yes
ccddddccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccddcccc yes
ccccccdddddddcccccccc yes
ccccdddddc yes
ccccccddddddcc yes
ccccccccccdddc yes
ccccccccddccccc yes
cdccccccccc yes
cccccdddddcccc yes
cdccccccc yes
ccccccdcccc yes
cccdddddddcccccccc yes
ccccdddcccccccccccccc yes
cccdccccccccc yes
ccccdccc yes
ccddddccc yes
cddddddddcccccccccccc yes
cccccccccdddddddcc yes
ccccccccdccc yes
ccccccccccddddccc yes
ccccdddddddccc yes
cccccccdcccccccccccc yes
cddddddddddddddddc yes
ccccccccccccdddcc yes
cccccccccccdddddccc yes
cccccccccccdddcc yes
cccccccccccddddc yes
cccddddddcccccccc yes
ccccccccccdddddcccccccccccccccc yes
cddddddddcccc yes
cddddddddddddcc yes
cdddddddddccc yes
cdddddddddccccccc yes
ccccdddddcccccc yes
cdcccccccccccccc yes
cccccccdcccc yes
ccccccdddcc yes
cddddddddcccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccdddddddcc yes
cdddccccccccccccc yes
ccdddcccccc yes
ccdddcccccccc yes
ccccccccdddddddddcccc yes
ccccccccddddddddddcccccc yes
cccddcccccccc yes
ccccdcccccc yes
ccccddc yes
cccccdddc yes
cccccccdddddddcccccc yes
ccccdcccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccdddddcc yes
cccccccccccccccccddddccc yes
ccccccccccccdccc yes
ccccccddddccccc yes
ccccddddddddccc yes
cccccccccdddddc yes
cdddcccccccc yes
cccccccdcc yes
cccdddddddccccc yes
cddddddccccccccc yes
ccccccddddddccccccccccc yes
cddddddddddcccccc yes
cdddddcccccccccc yes
cccccccccdcccc yes
ccddddddddc yes
ccddddddcccc yes
cccddcccccccccc yes
cddddddddddddc yes
cdddddddddddc yes
ccdcccccccccc yes
cddddddccccccccccc yes
cddddddcc yes
ccccdddddccccc yes
cccccddddddddddddcc yes
ccccdddddcc yes
cccccccccccddc yes
cccdcccccccc yes
ccccdcccccccc yes
ccccdddddddccccccccc yes
ccccddddddcc yes
cdddccccccccc yes
ccccccddddddcccccc yes
ccccdddddddc yes
ccddcccccccc yes
cdddcccccccccccccc yes
ccccdddddddcccc yes
cccccddddddddddccccc yes
cccccddddddcccc yes
cccccccccccdddccc yes
ccccccccccccddcc yes
cccdddccccccc yes
cdddddddddcc yes
cccccccccccccccccddddcccc yes
ccccccccddcc yes
ccccccddccc yes
cddddddddddccccccc yes
cdddddcc yes
cccccccccccddddddccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccdc yes
cccccccdddccccc yes
cccccddddccccccccc yes
cccdddccc yes
cddddcccccccccc yes
cccdddddddddcccccccccc yes
ccddddcccccc yes
cccddddddddccc yes
ccccdddddccccccccc yes
ccccccccdddddddddddccc yes
cccdcccccccccc yes
cccccddddddccccccc yes
cdddddddddccccccccc yes
ccccccccdddddddddccc yes
ccddddddddcccc yes
cccccccccddc yes
cccdddccccccccc yes
cdddddddddddccc yes
ccccdddddcccc yes
cdddccccccccccccccccc yes
cccddddddddcccccc yes
ccccccddddddccc yes
ccccccddc yes
cccccccddcccc yes
cccccccdcccccc yes
cddcccccccc yes
ccccdddcccccccc yes
ccdddddddddddc yes
cccccccccccdddddddcccc yes
cccccccccccddddddccc yes
cccccccddddddddddddddccccccccc yes
cccdddcccccccc yes
cdddddddcccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccdcccc yes
cccccdddddddddccccc yes
ccdccccc yes
ccccccccccccdddc yes
cddddddddddc yes
ccddddddddddddc yes
cccccdddccccccc yes
ccddddcccccccccc yes
cddddddddc yes
cccccccccccccdddddddc yes
cccccccccccccddccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccddc yes
cdddddddcccc yes
cccccccccccddddddddddddccc yes
cccccccccdccc yes
cccccddddddcc yes
ccccddccccccccc yes
cccdddddddddccccc yes
ccccddddcccc yes
cddddddcccccccc yes
cccccddddddccccc yes
ccccdddcccccc yes
cccccccccccdccccccc yes
ccdddddddddcccccccc yes
ccccddddccccc yes
ccccccdddddddddddccccccc yes
cdddddddddcccc yes
ccccccccdddccccccc yes
cccddddddddcc yes
ccdddddddccccc yes
ccddcccccccccccc yes
cccccddddcccccc yes
ccccccccccdccccc yes
cddddddddddddddddddddddddc yes
ccccddddddccccccc yes
ccccddddddddddddddddddddddcccccccccc yes
cccccccccccdccc yes
cccccdddddddddccc yes
ccccccdddddcccc yes
ccccccddddddc yes
cddddddddccc yes
ccccccccccdddddcccc yes
cdddcccccccccc yes
ccccccccccdcccccc yes
ccccddddcccccccccc yes
ccccdddddcccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccdddc yes
cccccccccddddddddddccccc yes
cccccccccccccddcccccc yes
cdddddddddddddddccccc yes
ccddddddcccccccccccccc yes
ccdddcccccccccc yes
ccccdddddcccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccdcc yes
cdccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdddccccc yes
cccdddddddddccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccddccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccdddddddddddc yes
cccccccccddccccccccc yes
ccccddddccc yes
ccccddddddddddddccc yes
ccccccccccdddddddddccc yes
ccccccccccddcccccccccc yes
ccccccddddcccccccc yes
ccccccccddddc yes
cddddccccccc yes
cccdddcccccc yes
ccccccddddcccccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddddddccccc yes
cccccddccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccddddddddcccccccccc yes
cccddddddddddddddddddcccccc yes
ccddddddddcc yes
ccdcccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccddddddddcc yes
ccddddccccccccc yes
cdddddddddccccc yes
cddddddddddccccc yes
ccccccdddddcc yes
ccccccdddcccc yes
ccccccccccccdddddcc yes
cccddddddddddc yes
ccccccdcccccccc yes
ccccccccdcccccccc yes
cdcccccccccccc yes
cdddddccccccc yes
ccccccccddddddccccccc yes
cccdddddddddddddddc yes
cddddddddcccccccccc yes
ccccddccccccc yes
cccccccccccdddddddddcccccc yes
ccccdddddddccccc yes
ccccdddddddddccc yes
cddddcccccc yes
cdddddddccccccc yes
cccccccccddccccccc yes
ccddddddddcccccccc yes
ccccccdcccccc yes
cccccccccdddcc yes
ccccccddcccccc yes
ccccccccccddcccccc yes
ccddccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccdddcccc yes
cccccdddcccc yes
cccccdddccccc yes
cccccdddddddcc yes
cccccccccdcccccccc yes
cddddccccccccccccc yes
cccdccccccccccc yes
cdddccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccdcccccccccccccccccccc yes
cdddddcccccccc yes
ccccccccdcc yes
cccccddddddccc yes
cccccdddddddddddc yes
cccccccccccddddcccc yes
ccccccccccddddccccc yes
cccccddccccc yes
ccccccccddddddddddcccc yes
cccccccddddddccccc yes
cccddddddcccc yes
cccdddddddddcc yes
