cccccccccccccccdddddcc yes
ccdccccccccccccc yes
cccccccddddddddccccccc yes
cdddddddcccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccdddddddddddc yes
cccccccccddddddddddcccccc yes
cddddddddcccc yes
ccccccccdddddddcccccc yes
cccccccccdcccccccccccc yes
ccccccccddccccccc yes
cccccdccc yes
cccccccdcc yes
cccccccdddddddddc yes
cdccccccccccccccccccccc yes
cdddccccccc yes
ccccccccdddddddc yes
cddddcc yes
ccccdddddddddddddddddddddcc yes
cccdcccccccc yes
ccccccdddddddccc yes
cccccccccccdddddddc yes
ccccccccccddddccccccccc yes
cccddddccccccc yes
ccccccddddddcccc yes
cccccddcccccccccccc yes
cccccdddddddcccccc yes
ccccccdddddddcccccccccccccccc yes
ccdddddddddcccccccccc yes
ccccccccdddddddddc yes
ccccccddddddddccccccc yes
cccddddcccc yes
ccccccdddcccccccccccccc yes
cdcccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccddccc yes
cccccccddddddc yes
ccddddddddccc yes
ccddccccccccccccccc yes
cccccdddddddddcccccccccccccccc yes
cddddddddddddddddddddc yes
cccddccccccccccccccccccccccc yes
cddddddddddddddcccc yes
cccdddddccccc yes
cccccccccdddddcc yes
ccccccccccddddcccc yes
cccccccdddddddddddddddddc yes
ccddccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccdddddcccccccccc yes
ccccdddddddddccccc yes
ccccdddddccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccdccc yes
cccddddddddddddccccccccc yes
ccccccccddddddccc yes
ccccccdc yes
ccccdc yes
cccccccccddddddddcccc yes
ccccccdcccccccccccc yes
cddddccccccccccccc yes
ccdcccccccccc yes
cddddddddddddddc yes
ccdddccccccccccc yes
ccccccdddddddddcccccccccc yes
ccdddddddddddddc yes
cccccdddddddccccc yes
cccccccccccdccccccccccccccc yes
cccdddddddddddddddddddccccccc yes
cdddcccccccccccccc yes
cccccddddccccc yes
ccccccddddddddddddccccccccc yes
cccccdddddddccc yes
ccccccccdccccccc yes
ccccddddddddc yes
ccccccccccddddddddddddddccccc yes
ccccdcc yes
cccccccccccdddcccc yes
cddddddddddc yes
ccccccdddddccccc yes
cccddcccccccccccc yes
cdddddddddc yes
cccccccccccccdccc yes
ccccdddddddcccc yes
ccdccccccccccccccccc yes
ccdddddddccccc yes
ccccccccccccccddddcc yes
cddddddddddddddddc yes
cccccccdddddccccc yes
ccdddddddddc yes
ccccccccddcccc yes
cccddddddddddddccccc yes
cddddccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccdddddddddccccc yes
cccddccccccc yes
ccccccccccccddccc yes
cddddddccccccccccc yes
cccccccccddc yes
ccccccccccccccddccccccc yes
ccccccccddddddddcccc yes
ccdddddddddddddddddddddddcc yes
cccccccdddddddccc yes
cccccccccddddddcccc yes
cccccccccccddcc yes
ccccccdddddcccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccddddcccc yes
ccccccccccccccddcc yes
ccccccccdddddddddccccc yes
cccccdccccccc yes
cccccdddddddddddddddddddddccccc yes
ccccccddddcccc yes
ccdddddddcc yes
ccccccccccddcc yes
cdddddddddddddccccc yes
cccccccccccccccdddddddcc yes
cccccccccdddddccccccccc yes
cccccddddddccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccdddcc yes
ccccdddcccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccdddddddcccccc yes
ccccccddcc yes
ccccccdddddddddcccc yes
cccccccdddcccccccc yes
ccccccccccccdddddcccccccc yes
cccdddddddddddcccccc yes
cccccddddddccccccccc yes
cddddddddccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccddddddddddddddddddccc yes
ccdddddddddddddccccccccc yes
cccccccccdddcc yes
cccccccccccccccccddddc yes
cddcccccccc yes
ccccdddddddcccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccddc yes
cdcccccc yes
cccccdddddddcccc yes
cdddddddddccccccccccc yes
cdddccccc yes
ccccccccccccdddcccccccc yes
cddddccccccccc yes
cccddddddddccccccccccc yes
ccddddccccccccccc yes
cddddddddcccccc yes
ccccccccddddddcc yes
cccddddddccccccccccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccdddddddddccccc yes
ccccccddddddddddcccccccc yes
cccccccccccccdddddcccccc yes
ccccccccccdddddddddddccc yes
cccccccccddddddcccccccccc yes
cddddddddddddc yes
cccccdcccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccddddddddddc yes
cdcccc yes
ccccccddccccc yes
ccccccccccccdcccccc yes
ccddddcccc yes
cccddddddddddccc yes
cccccccccccccddddc yes
ccccccdccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccddccccccc yes
ccccdddddddddddccccc yes
cccdc yes
ccccccddccccccccccc yes
cccdddddddddddddddccccccccc yes
ccddcccccccccccccc yes
ccccccdccccccc yes
ccccccddcccc yes
cccccdddddddddc yes
ccddddddddddddcccc yes
ccccccddddccccccccc yes
ccdddddddddddddddccccc yes
cccccddddcccccccccc yes
ccdc yes
cccccccccccccdddddcc yes
cccccccccdcccccccccccccccc yes
ccddddddddcccccc yes
cccdddddddddccccc yes
cccccccdddddcccc yes
cddccccc yes
cccccccccccccccdcc yes
ccccdcccc yes
cccccccddddc yes
cccdddcccccccc yes
cccccccccccddddddccccccc yes
cccdddddddddddddcc yes
cccccdddddddddddcccccc yes
ccccccccdddc yes
cdccccccccc yes
ccccccccdcccccccc yes
cccccddccccc yes
cddddddddddccccccc yes
cdddddddcccccccccccc yes
ccccccddddddddddddc yes
cdddddddddddddddc yes
cccccddddddcc yes
cccddddddddddddddddddddccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccdcccccc yes
cccccccddddcccc yes
cccccccccccddddcc yes
ccccccdddccccccc yes
cccccccddddcccccccccccc yes
ccccccdddddddccccccccccc yes
cccccccccddddccc yes
cccccccccccccccddddddcc yes
ccccccccccccddddddc yes
cddddddddddcc yes
cccccccdccccccc yes
ccccccddddcccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccdddcc yes
cccccccccccccdddcc yes
ccccccddcccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdddc yes
cccccccddddccc yes
cccccccccdddddc yes
cccccdcccc yes
cccddddcccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccdddddddc yes
cddddddccccc yes
cccddcccc yes
cccccdddddccccc yes
ccccccccccccccddddddccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddddddc yes
ccccccccccccccddc yes
ccccddccc yes
cccddddddddcccccccc yes
ccccccccccccdcc yes
ccccccddddddddddccc yes
ccccccccccdddddcccccc yes
cddcccccccccccccccc yes
cddddddcccccccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddddc yes
cccccdddddddc yes
cccccddddddddddddddcccccccc yes
cccccccdddddddddddccccccccc yes
cccdddddddddddccccccccccccc yes
cccdddccccccc yes
ccccccdcccccccc yes
cccddddddccc yes
ccccccccccccccccdddddddddddcccc yes
cccccccccccccccdcccc yes
cccccddddc yes
cddccccccccc yes
cdddddddddddddc yes
cccccccccccccccdccccccc yes
cccddddc yes
cccccdddddc yes
cccccccddddccccccccccccccccc yes
cddddddddddddddddcccccccccc yes
ccccccccccdcc yes
ccccccdddddccc yes
cccddcccccccccc yes
ccccccddccccccccc yes
cccdddddddddddccccc yes
cccdcccccccccc yes
ccccccdddddddccccc yes
cccccddddddddddcccc yes
ccccccccccdccccccccccc yes
cccccccdddc yes
ccccccccccdddddddddddddddcccccccccccc yes
cccccccddccccc yes
cccdddddddddddddccc yes
ccccccccccccdddcccccc yes
cddddddddddddcccccc yes
cccddddddddcc yes
ccccddcccccccccccc yes
cccccdddddddddcccccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddcccccc yes
cdddddddddddddddcc yes
ccccddddddddddddddccc yes
cddddccccccc yes
ccccdddddddcccccc yes
ccccccccddddddc yes
cccccddddddddddddcc yes
ccccccdddddddcccccccccc yes
cccdddc yes
ccddddddcccccccccccccccccc yes
cddccccccccccc yes
ccccddddddccccccc yes
cccccdddddddcccccccc yes
ccccccdddddcccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccddddddcccccccc yes
cccccccccccddc yes
ccddddddddcc yes
cccccddddccccccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddddccccc yes
cdddddcccccccc yes
cccccdccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccddcc yes
ccccccdddcccccc yes
cccccccccccdcccccccc yes
ccccccccccddccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccdccccccc yes
cccccdcccccc yes
ccddddddddddddcccccccccc yes
ccccccccddddddddddddcc yes
cccccccddddddddccc yes
cdddddddddcccccc yes
ccccccccddddccc yes
cccccccccccccccccdccccccc yes
cccccccddddddccccc yes
ccccccdddddddc yes
cccdddddddc yes
cdddddccc yes
ccccccccccccccdccccc yes
cdddddccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccddddddddccc yes
ccccddddcccccc yes
cccdddddddcc yes
ccccccdddddddcccc yes
ccccccdddccc yes
ccdcc yes
cccccccccdccc yes
ccccccddddc yes
cddddcccc yes
cccdddddccccccccccccc yes
ccccddddddddddddcc yes
cccccccddddddddddcccccccc yes
ccdcccccccccccccccc yes
cdddddddcc yes
cccccccccccccccccccdcc yes
cccddddcccccccc yes
ccccccccdddccc yes
ccccccccccddccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccddccccccc yes
ccdddddddddddddddc yes
cccccddcc yes
ccddccccccccc yes
cdddddddcccc yes
cccdddcc yes
cddddcccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccdcc yes
cccccccccccccccccccccddddddddc yes
ccccdddddccccc yes
ccccdddddddccc yes
ccccdddddddddddddddccccccccc yes
cdddddddddddcccccc yes
cccccddddddddddddddddcccc yes
cccccccddcccccc yes
cddddccc yes
cdddddcc yes
ccccccccccccdccccccc yes
ccdddddddcccccccccc yes
ccccdccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccddcccc yes
cccccccccccddddccccccccc yes
ccccddddddddcc yes
ccccccccccdddddccccc yes
cccccccccccddddddddddcc yes
cccccccddddddcccccccccc yes
cccddcccccccc yes
cccccccdddddcc yes
ccccccccccccccddddddddddcc yes
ccdccccccc yes
ccccccccddddddddc yes
ccccccddddddddccc yes
ccccdddddcccccc yes
ccccdccccccc yes
cdddddddddddddddcccccc yes
ccddddddcc yes
ccccccccccddddccccccccccc yes
cccddddddddccc yes
ccdddddccccc yes
ccccddcccccccc yes
cccddddddddddddcc yes
ccccddddddddccccccccccc yes
ccccddccccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccddcccc yes
ccccccccccccdddddcc yes
cccccccdddddddccccc yes
cccccccdc yes
ccccccddddccccc yes
cddddccccc yes
cccddcccccc yes
cccccddddddccccc yes
cccccccccddddddccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccdddddccc yes
ccccddddddddddddddc yes
cccddddddddccccccccc yes
cccccccddddddddddddc yes
cccccddcccc yes
ccccccccccccdcccccccc yes
ccccddddddddccc yes
ccccccccdddddddddddcccc yes
ccdddddddddddddcccc yes
cccddcc yes
cccccccccccccccccdcc yes
cddcccccc yes
ccccccccccccddddddddc yes
ccccccccdddddcc yes
ccccccdcccccccccc yes
ccccdddddddddddccccccc yes
ccccccddddccccccc yes
ccddddddddcccccccccc yes
ccdddddddddddcccccccccc yes
cdddddccccccccc yes
ccdddddddddddddcc yes
ccccccccccccccdcc yes
cccdddddddddccccccccc yes
ccdddcccccccccc yes
cccccccddccccccc yes
ccccccccdddddcccc yes
ccccccdcccc yes
ccccccdddddddddcc yes
cddddddddddccccccccc yes
cccccccccccddcccc yes
cccccccddddcccccc yes
cdddddddccc yes
ccddddc yes
cccdddddddccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccccddddc yes
ccddddddddddcc yes
cccccdccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccddddddddddccc yes
ccddddcc yes
ccccddc yes
ccdddddddddddddddddddcc yes
ccccccdddcccccccccc yes
cdddccccccccccc yes
ccccccccdddddccccc yes
ccccdddddddddccc yes
ccccccddddddc yes
cccccccccddcc yes
ccccccccdddddddddddccc yes
cccccccccccdddddddccccc yes
ccccccdddddddcccccc yes
ccccccdddc yes
ccddddccc yes
cccccccccdddddccc yes
ccccccccddddc yes
cddcccccccccccc yes
cccccccdddccccccc yes
ccddcccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccddddccc yes
ccccccdddddcc yes
ccdddddddddddddcccccc yes
cccccccccddddddddddc yes
cccccccccccccccccccccddddc yes
cddddddddddddddddcc yes
ccccccccdc yes
cccccccccccdddddddddddddccc yes
cccdddddddddddc yes
ccddddccccccccccccc yes
ccccddddddddcccccccccc yes
cdddcccccccccccc yes
ccccdddddccccccccc yes
cdddddcccccccccccccccc yes
cdddddcccccccccc yes
cccccccccccdccc yes
ccddddddddcccc yes
cdccccccccccccc yes
cdddddccccccccccccc yes
cccccdddddddddcccc yes
cccccdddddddddddc yes
ccccdccc yes
ccccccdddddccccccccccc yes
cdccccccccccc yes
cccccccccddddccccc yes
cccccccccccccccdddcccc yes
ccccccdddddccccccccc yes
cccccddcccccccccc yes
cccccccccccdccccccccc yes
cccccccccdddccccc yes
ccdccccccccccccccc yes
ccccddddddddddddddddcccccccc yes
ccccccccddccc yes
cccccccccddccccc yes
ccddddddddddccccc yes
cccccdcccccccccc yes
cccccccddcc yes
cccddddddddddddddc yes
cddddddcccc yes
ccdddddddddddddddddcc yes
ccddddddddddddcc yes
cccccdc yes
ccccddccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccddcc yes
cccccdccccccccccc yes
ccddddccccc yes
ccccccccdddddddddddc yes
cccccccccdddddddcc yes
ccccccdcccccc yes
cddddddddccccc yes
cdcccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccddddcc yes
ccccdddcccccc yes
ccccccccddddddcccc yes
cddcccc yes
ccddcccccccccccc yes
ccdddddcccccccc yes
cccccccdcccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccddddddddddddcccccc yes
cccccccccddddddddddddddddddccc yes
ccccdcccccccc yes
ccdddddcccccc yes
cccccccdddccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccdc yes
cccdddddddccc yes
cccccdddddddddddddddddddc yes
cccccddddddcccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccdddcccccccccc yes
ccccccdddddddddddddddddccccccc yes
ccccccdddddddddddcccc yes
ccccccccccddccccc yes
cccdddddddddddddddc yes
ccccccccdddccccccccc yes
ccccddddcccccccccc yes
cccdcccccccccccccc yes
cdccccccc yes
cccccccccccddccc yes
ccdddc yes
ccdddcccccccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddddddddddc yes
ccccdddccccc yes
ccddcccccccc yes
ccccccccccdcccccc yes
cdcccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccddddddddccc yes
cccccccccccddddddddcccccc yes
ccddc yes
ccccccccccccdddccccc yes
cdddddddddddddccc yes
ccccdddccccccccc yes
ccdddddddddccc yes
cddccccccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccdddddddddc yes
cccccdddddddcc yes
cccccddddddccccccc yes
cccccccccccccdddddccc yes
cccccddddddddddddccccccc yes
cccccddddccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccddddddddddcc yes
ccccccddddddddcc yes
cccccdddddddddddccc yes
ccccccddddddccccc yes
ccdddcc yes
cddddddddddddddddcccc yes
cccdddddc yes
cccdddddcccccccccccccc yes
ccccccdcc yes
cccccccccccccccddddddddcc yes
cccccccccdcccc yes
cccccccccdddccc yes
cccccccccdddc yes
ccccccccccccccccccccccccdddcc yes
cccdddddddccccccc yes
ccccdddccc yes
ccddddcccccccccccc yes
ccccdddc yes
ccccdddddddcc yes
ccccdccccc yes
cccccccccdcc yes
ccdcccc yes
cccddddddddddddddddddcccccc yes
ccccddddddddddcc yes
cccccccccccdddddddccccccccccccccccc yes
cdddddddddddccccccc yes
cccccdddddddccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccddddddcccc yes
cccccccccdddddddccccc yes
ccccccccdddddddcc yes
cdddddddddddddddccccc yes
ccddcccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccddcccc yes
cccddddddddc yes
cccccccccdddcccccc yes
ccddddddccc yes
cccccdddddcccc yes
cccccccddddddddddddddddddcccccccccc yes
ccccddddddccccc yes
cddddddddddddccc yes
cccccccddc yes
cccdcccccccccccc yes
ccccdddddddddddddddddddddc yes
cccccccccccdcccc yes
cccdddcccc yes
cdccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccddccccc yes
cddddddddddddddcccccc yes
ccccccccddddddddcc yes
ccccccccccdccccc yes
ccccccccddccccccccccccc yes
ccddddddcccccc yes
cddcc yes
cdddddddddddccccc yes
ccccccccdddddddddddddddddddc yes
cdddddddddddcc yes
cccdddddddddc yes
cccdccccccccccccccc yes
cccccddddddddddcc yes
ccccccdddccccccccccc yes
cccccccdddcccc yes
cccccccccddddddddccc yes
cccccccccccdcc yes
cccdddddddddcccc yes
cddccc yes
ccddddddccccc yes
ccccccccccccddcccc yes
cccdddcccccc yes
ccccccccccdddddddccc yes
cdcccccccccc yes
cdddddddccccccc yes
cccdddddcccccccc yes
cccccccccddddcc yes
cdcccccccccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccddddddddc yes
ccccccccccddddddddddcc yes
cdddddddddcccc yes
ccdddddddddddddccccccc yes
cccccccccdddddddc yes
ccddddddddddcccccccc yes
cccccccccdccccccccccccc yes
cccccccddddccccc yes
cdddcc yes
cccddddddccccccccccc yes
cccccccdddddccc yes
cddddddddddddcccc yes
cdddddddddcc yes
ccccccccccccddddc yes
ccccccccccccccddddc yes
cccddddddcc yes
cccccccccdddcccc yes
ccccccccccccddddcc yes
cccccccdddddccccccc yes
ccccddddddcccc yes
ccccccccdddccccc yes
cccccddddddcccccccccc yes
ccddcccccc yes
ccccccddddddcccccccc yes
cccccdddcccccc yes
cddddddddddcccccc yes
ccccdddccccccc yes
ccccddddddccc yes
ccccdddddddddcccc yes
cdddddddddddccc yes
ccccccccccccdc yes
cccccccccdddddddddddc yes
ccddddddddc yes
cdddddddddddddcccc yes
cddddddddc yes
ccddddddddddc yes
cdccccc yes
ccddddddcccccccccccc yes
ccddddddddccccc yes
ccccddddddc yes
ccdddcccccc yes
cccccccccccddddddcc yes
ccccccccdccc yes
cccccddddccccccc yes
ccccccdcccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccdccccccccc yes
cccccccdddccccc yes
cddddddccccccccc yes
ccddddddccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccdddddddccccccccc yes
cccccccccddcccccc yes
cddddcccccccccc yes
ccddddcccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccddcc yes
cccdddddddddccc yes
ccccccdccc yes
cccccccdccccc yes
ccdddcccccccccccccc yes
cccddddddcccccccc yes
ccccdddcccc yes
cccccccccccccdddcccccc yes
cdddddddddccccccccc yes
ccdddddddddddccccccc yes
cccddc yes
ccdddddddddcccccccc yes
cccccdddccccccccccccccccc yes
cddddddddddcccc yes
cccccccccccddccccc yes
cccdddddddcccc yes
cccccccccdcccccc yes
ccccccccccccdccccc yes
ccdddddc yes
ccccccccccccccccccddc yes
ccccccccccdccc yes
ccccddddddcc yes
cccddddddddddc yes
cddddddccccccc yes
ccdcccccc yes
ccccccddccc yes
ccccccccccccddccccc yes
cdddddddddddddcc yes
ccccccccccddddc yes
ccccddddccccccccc yes
ccccddddccccc yes
ccccccddc yes
cdddcccc yes
ccccccdddddddddddddc yes
ccccccccccdddcccccccccc yes
cccccccccddddddddc yes
cccccccccccccccccdddddcc yes
cccccccccccccccccdcccc yes
ccddddddddcccccccc yes
cccdddccccc yes
ccccdddddc yes
cccccccccccccddddddc yes
cddccccccc yes
cccccdddddcccccc yes
cccccccccccdccccc yes
cccddddccccc yes
ccccddcccccc yes
cccccccccccccccdc yes
cccccdddddddddddddddddc yes
cdddddddccccccccccc yes
ccccccddddccccccccccc yes
cccccccdddddc yes
cccccddddccc yes
cccccccccccccccddc yes
ccccccdddddcccccccc yes
cccdddddddddddcccccccccccccc yes
ccccccdddddddddddc yes
ccccddddddddddddcccccc yes
cdddddddddccccc yes
ccccccccddccccccccccc yes
ccccddddddccccccccc yes
ccccccdddddcccc yes
cdddddccccccccccc yes
cddddddddcccccccc yes
cddddddccccccccccccccc yes
cccccddddcc yes
ccccccccddccccc yes
cccccccccccccdccccccc yes
ccdddddddccccccccc yes
cccddccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccddddddcccc yes
cccdddcccccccccc yes
cccdddddccccccccccc yes
cccdddddccc yes
ccccdddddddccccc yes
ccddddddccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccdccccccccc yes
ccccccccccdddddddddcc yes
ccddccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccdddcc yes
cccccdddddcccccccccc yes
cddddddddddddddddddddddddddddcc yes
ccccccccccccccccccddddddddccccccc yes
ccccccccccddddddddddddc yes
cddddcccccc yes
cccdccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccccccccdc yes
ccddddccccccc yes
ccdcccccccccccccc yes
ccccccdddcccccccccccc yes
ccdddddccccccccc yes
cccddccccc yes
ccccccccccdddddc yes
ccccccccccccdcccc yes
cccddddddddddddddddddddddddcc yes
cccccccccdddccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccddddddddddc yes
ccddddddddddccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccdccc yes
ccdddddddcccccc yes
ccccddddddddcccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccdddddddddcccc yes
cccddddccccccccccc yes
ccdddddddddccccc yes
cccdddddcc yes
ccccccccdddddddccc yes
cddddddddccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccddddddcc yes
cdccccccccccccccccc yes
cccdccccccccc yes
cccccdcccccccccccccccc yes
cccccddddddcccc yes
cccccccccccddcccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccdcccccccccc yes
cddddddddddddddddccc yes
cccccccdddddddcccc yes
ccccccccccdddddddddccc yes
cccccddccccccccccccc yes
cccccdddcccccccc yes
cccccdddc yes
ccdddddddddddccc yes
ccccccccccccccdccccccccc yes
ccccddddddddddddddcccccc yes
cccccccccddddddc yes
cccddddddddcccccc yes
ccddddccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccddc yes
ccccccccdddddddddddcccccc yes
cccccccdddddccccccccc yes
ccccccccccddddccccc yes
cccccdddccccc yes
cdddccc yes
ccccccdddddddddcccccc yes
ccccccdddccccccccc yes
cccccccccddcccc yes
cccccdddccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccddddccccc yes
ccccccccccddccc yes
ccccccccccddddccc yes
cccccccccccccddddcccc yes
cccccccccccdddc yes
cdddcccccccc yes
cccccccddddddddddddccc yes
ccccccccccccccddcccccc yes
cccccccdddddccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccccdddddccc yes
ccccccccccccccdcccccc yes
cdddddccccc yes
cddddddddcccccccccccc yes
ccdddddcc yes
cdddddddddddddddddddccc yes
ccccccccdddddccc yes
ccccccddddddcccccc yes
ccccdcccccc yes
ccdddddddddcc yes
cdddddddddddddddddc yes
ccccddddddddddc yes
ccccddccccccccccc yes
ccccdddddddddddc yes
cccccccccccdddddccc yes
ccccdddcc yes
ccdddddddddddddddddccccccc yes
cddddddddccc yes
cddddddddddddddddccccccc yes
cccddddddddddddccc yes
cccccccdddddddcc yes
ccccccccccdccccccc yes
cccdccccccccccccc yes
cccdddcccccccccccc yes
cddddddddddccccc yes
ccdccccccccc yes
ccdddccccccccc yes
cccccccddddddddddcccc yes
cccccddddddddddddccc yes
cccccccddddddcccc yes
cccddddddddccccc yes
cccdddddccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccddddcc yes
ccccccccccccccdddddc yes
cccddddddddddddddcccc yes
cccccccccccccdcc yes
ccccddddcc yes
cccddddddddddddddcc yes
cccccccdddddddccccccc yes
cccccddccccccccccc yes
ccccdddddcc yes
ccccddddddcccccccccc yes
ccccddddccccccc yes
cccccccccccdcccccc yes
ccdddddddddddccccccccccccccccc yes
ccddcc yes
ccccccccccdddccccc yes
cdccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccddccc yes
ccccccccdcccccc yes
cccccccccdddddddddcc yes
cccddddddccccc yes
cccccccccddddddccc yes
cdddddddddcccccccccccc yes
cdddddddcccccc yes
ccccccccccdddddddcccc yes
cdddddddc yes
ccccccccccccdddcc yes
cccccccccdddddddddccc yes
cddddddddccccccccc yes
cccccccccddddddddddddc yes
cccddddddc yes
ccccccccddccccccccc yes
cccdddddddddddddddcc yes
ccdddddccc yes
ccccccccdddddc yes
cccccddccccccccc yes
ccccccccccdddddcccc yes
cccdccccccc yes
cccccccddddddddcccc yes
ccddddddddddddddddddddcccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccddc yes
ccccddddcccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccddddddddddcccc yes
cccccdddddddddcccccc yes
cccdcc yes
cccccccddccc yes
cdc yes
cccccdddccc yes
cccccccccccdddddddddcccc yes
cccddddcccccccccc yes
cccdccccc yes
cddddddddddddcccccccccc yes
ccccdddddddddddddcc yes
cddddddddddddddccccc yes
cccccdddccccccc yes
cccccddccccccc yes
cdddddddddddcccc yes
ccdddddccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccddddccccccccc yes
cccdddddddddcccccccccc yes
ccddddcccccc yes
ccccccccccdddcccccc yes
cccccddddddccc yes
ccccccccccddddddddcc yes
cccccccdddddddddddddc yes
cccccddddcccccccc yes
cccccccccccddddddc yes
ccccddddddddddddddddddddc yes
ccccccdddddddcc yes
cccddccccccccccccccc yes
cccddccc yes
cdddddcccc yes
ccdddddddc yes
cccccddddddddc yes
ccdddddddddcccc yes
cccccccddddddddcccccccc yes
cddcccccccccc yes
cccccccccdcccccccc yes
cccccccccddddddddcc yes
ccccccdccccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddccc yes
ccccccccccccddddccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdddcccc yes
ccccccccddddddddccccc yes
cccccddddddddcccc yes
ccccccddddcc yes
ccddddddddddddddddcccc yes
ccccddccccccc yes
cccccccccdddddddddddddddddccc yes
cccddddddcccc yes
cdddcccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccccccccddddddddcc yes
cccdcccc yes
cddddddddddcccccccccccccccc yes
cdddddddddddddddccccccccccc yes
ccddddddddddccccccc yes
cdddcccccccccc yes
ccccdddddddcccccccccccccccccccccccccc yes
cddddddddddddcc yes
cdddddcccccccccccc yes
ccccccdddcc yes
ccdccc yes
cccddddddddddccccccccc yes
cdcccccccc yes
cccccddc yes
ccccccdddccccc yes
ccddccccc yes
ccdddddddccc yes
cddddddcc yes
cccddddddddddddddddddddddddccc yes
cccccccdddddddc yes
ccdddddddddddddddccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccdddddddccccc yes
cccccdddddddddccc yes
cccccccddcccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccdddc yes
ccccdddddddddddcc yes
cccccddcccccc yes
cccdddddddddcc yes
ccccccccccccddddddccc yes
ccccddcccccccccc yes
cccccddcccccccc yes
ccccddddddddccccccc yes
cccccccdddddddddddddcccccccc yes
cdddddddddddddddddddddc yes
ccccddddddddddccccccccccc yes
cccccccccdddddddccc yes
ccddccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccdddddccccc yes
ccddddddddddddddddccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccccccdc yes
cddcccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccdddc yes
cccdccccccccccc yes
ccccccccddddcc yes
cccddddccc yes
ccddddddddccccccc yes
cccccccccccdddddccccc yes
cccccccccccdddddcccccccc yes
ccccccdddddddddddcc yes
ccccccccccccdddc yes
cddddddccc yes
cccddddddddddddddddcc yes
cccccdddccccccccc yes
ccccccccdcc yes
ccccddddddddddddccc yes
cdddddddddccccccc yes
cccccccddcccccccccccc yes
ccccccccdddcccccc yes
ccccccddcccccccccc yes
cccccccccdc yes
ccddddcccccccc yes
cccdddccc yes
ccddddddddccccccccc yes
cccccdddcccc yes
cccccccddddddddddcccccc yes
ccccccdddddccccccc yes
cdddddddcccccccccc yes
cccddddccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccdddddddcccc yes
cdddddddddddddccccccc yes
ccccccdddddddccccccc yes
ccdddcccccccc yes
ccdddddddddddc yes
ccccccdddddccccccccccccc yes
ccdddddccccccccccccccccc yes
cddddddddddccccccccccccccccc yes
ccdddddddddddddccccccccccc yes
cddddddc yes
ccdddddccccccc yes
ccdddccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccddcc yes
ccccccccdccccccccc yes
cccccdddddddddddddc yes
cccccccccccccccdddcccccccccccc yes
cccccccdddcc yes
cccddddccccccccccccccccc yes
cccdddddddcccccc yes
cccddddcccccc yes
cccddddcccccccccccccc yes
ccccccddddddcc yes
ccccdddcccccccc yes
cccccccccccccdddddcccc yes
cccdddddddddddddccccccccc yes
ccccccccccdddccc yes
cccccccddcccccccc yes
ccccccccccccdddddc yes
ccdddddddddccccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddc yes
ccdccccccccccc yes
ccccccdddddddddddcccccc yes
ccccdddcccccccccccc yes
ccddccccccc yes
ccccccdddddddddc yes
ccddddddddddddddddddddddc yes
cddddddddddddccccc yes
cccccdddcccccccccc yes
ccccccccccddddccccccc yes
cccccccccccdccccccc yes
cccdddddddddddcccccccc yes
ccccccdcccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccddddcccccc yes
ccdddddddddddddccccc yes
ccddddddddccccccccccc yes
ccccddcc yes
cccccccccccccddddccccc yes
cccddddddddcccc yes
cccccccccccccddddcccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccddddddccccc yes
cccdddddddddddddddddddc yes
cdddddccccccc yes
cccccccccccccdddccc yes
ccddddddcccccccc yes
cccddddddccccccc yes
ccdddddddddddddddcccccccccc yes
cccccccccdddddccccccc yes
cccddddddddddddcccccccccccc yes
cccccdddddcccccccc yes
cddc yes
ccddddccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccdddddddcc yes
ccccccccccdddddddccccc yes
cccccddddddddccccccc yes
ccccccccddddddddccccccccc yes
ccccccddddddddc yes
cccddddccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccddddddcccc yes
cddddddddddccc yes
cddddddddddcccccccc yes
ccdddddcccccccccc yes
cccdccccccccccccccccc yes
ccddddcccccccccccccc yes
cccdddddddddcccccc yes
cccccddddddddddddddc yes
cccccccccccdddccccccccccccccc yes
cdddddddddddc yes
cccccddddddddcc yes
cdddccccccccc yes
ccccccddcccccc yes
ccccccccccdddddcc yes
ccccccccccdddcccc yes
cccccdddddddddddddddddcccccccc yes
cccccccccccccddccc yes
ccccccccccccccddccc yes
cccddccccccccc yes
cccccccdddddddddccc yes
cddddddddddddcccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccdddddddddddcccc yes
cccccccccdddddddddc yes
cddddddcccccc yes
cdddddcccccc yes
ccdddcccc yes
ccccccddddccc yes
ccccddddddcccccc yes
cccccccddddddccc yes
cccdddddcccc yes
cccccdcccccccc yes
cccccccccddddcccccccccccc yes
ccccddddcccccccc yes
cddddddcccccccccc yes
ccccccccdddddddddcc yes
ccccccdddddc yes
ccccccddddddddddcc yes
cccccccccccccddddcc yes
cccddddddddddcccccccc yes
cccccddddddc yes
cccccccdcccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccdcccc yes
ccdddddddddccccccc yes
cccddddddccccccccccccc yes
cccccdccccccccc yes
ccdddddddcccc yes
cdddddddddddddddddcc yes
cccdddddcccccc yes
cccccddddddddddc yes
cccdddddcccccccccc yes
ccdcccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccddddddddcccccc yes
ccccccccccccddc yes
cddddcccccccccccc yes
ccdccccc yes
ccccccccdddddddddddddc yes
cccccccccddddddccccccccc yes
ccdddccccccc yes
cccccddddcccccc yes
ccccdddddcccc yes
cccccccccccccddddddddddcc yes
ccccccccccddcccccc yes
ccccccccccccdccc yes
ccccccccddcccccc yes
cccccdddddddccccccc yes
cddccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccdddddccccccc yes
cccccdccccc yes
cddddddcccccccccccccc yes
cdddddddddddddddccccccc yes
cccccdddddcc yes
ccccccccdddddddddddddcc yes
ccddddddc yes
cccccccccccccddddccccccc yes
cccddddddddddcccccc yes
cccccccccddddc yes
ccccdcccccccccc yes
ccccccccccdc yes
ccccccccdddcccccccc yes
cccccccdcccccccccc yes
cccccccddddddddcc yes
ccccdddddddddddddddddddccccc yes
ccccccccddddcccccccc yes
cdddc yes
ccccccccccccccccddc yes
ccccccccccccddddddcc yes
ccccccdddcccccccc yes
ccccccccddddddddddcc yes
ccccddddc yes
cccccccccccdc yes
ccddccc yes
cccdddddddddddddc yes
cdddcccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccdddddccc yes
cccccccccccccccdccc yes
cdddddddcccccccccccccccc yes
cccdddccccccccc yes
ccccddddccc yes
ccccddccccccccc yes
ccddddddddddccc yes
ccccccccccccccccdddcc yes
ccdcccccccc yes
cccccddddddddddddc yes
cccccccdccc yes
ccccdddddccccccc yes
cccdcccccc yes
ccccddddddddcccccccc yes
ccccccccdddcccc yes
cddddddddcc yes
cccccccdcccc yes
cccccccccccddccccccccccc yes
ccdddddddddcccccc yes
cccccddddddddccc yes
ccccccdccccc yes
cddddddcccccccc yes
cccddddddddddddc yes
ccccccddccccccc yes
ccdddddccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccddddddddddcccccccc yes
ccccccccdccccc yes
ccccccdddcccc yes
ccdddddcccc yes
ccccdddddddddcc yes
ccccdddddddccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccddcccccccc yes
cddddc yes
ccccccccddddccccccc yes
ccccccddddccccccccccccccccc yes
ccdddddcccccccccccc yes
ccccccccdddccccccccccccc yes
ccdddddddddddddddcc yes
cdddddddddccc yes
cccddddccccccccc yes
ccccccddddcccccc yes
cccccccccdddddddddccccccc yes
ccccccddddddddddddddddddddc yes
cdddddddccccc yes
cccddddddcccccccccc yes
ccccdddddddddcccccccc yes
cdddddc yes
cccccdcc yes
ccccddcccc yes
cccccccddddddddc yes
cccccccdddddddddcc yes
ccccccccdcccc yes
cddddddddddddddccc yes
cccccccccccccdc yes
ccccdddddddddddddc yes
cccccccddddddddddccc yes
cccddccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccddddddccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdddddccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddddcccc yes
cccccccccccdddddccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccdccc yes
cdcc yes
ccddddccccccccc yes
cccccddddddddddddddddcc yes
ccccccddcccccccc yes
ccccddddddddddddddddddddccccccccc yes
cccdddddddddddcc yes
ccccccccccccdddddcccccccccc yes
ccccddccccc yes
ccccdccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccddddddddddddddddddccc yes
ccccccccccccccccdc yes
ccccccccccdddcc yes
cccddddddddccccccc yes
cccddddddcccccc yes
cddddddddddddddddddddcccccccc yes
ccccccccdddcccccccccccc yes
cddddddddddddccccccccccc yes
cddddddccccccccccccc yes
cdcccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdc yes
cccddddcc yes
ccdddccc yes
cccccccccdccccc yes
ccccdccccccccc yes
ccccdddddddc yes
ccdddddddccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccccccdccccccc yes
cccccccddddddddcccccc yes
cccccccdcccccccc yes
cccdddcccccccccccccc yes
ccdddccccc yes
cccddddddddddcc yes
ccdddddddddddcc yes
ccccccccdcccccccccc yes
cdccc yes
ccddddddcccc yes
cccccdddddddddddcc yes
ccccdddddddcccccccccccc yes
ccccddddcccc yes
ccccccccccccddcccccccc yes
cccccccccddddddddddcc yes
cccccddddddddddccccc yes
cccccccccddddddddcccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccddddddccc yes
ccccdddddddddddddddcccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccddddddccccc yes
ccccddddddddddddddddccc yes
cccccdddddddddddddccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccddddccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdddddccc yes
cccccccccdddcccccccccccc yes
cccccccdddddddddddddddcc yes
cccccccccccccddcccccc yes
cccddddddddddcccccccccc yes
ccccddddddddccccc yes
cccdcccccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccdddddddddddcc yes
ccccccccdddccccccc yes
cccccdddddddddddddddc yes
cdddccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccdddddddddccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccddcc yes
cccccccdddddddddddccccc yes
ccdddddddddddddddddddddccc yes
cccccdddddddddccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccccccdcccc yes
ccccccccccccccdddddcccccccc yes
cdddddddddddddddcccc yes
ccddddddddddddcccccccccccccccc yes
ccddddddddcccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdddccccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddddccccccc yes
cccccccddccccccccccc yes
cccddddddddddddccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddddddddcc yes
cccccccccddddddccccc yes
ccdddddcccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccdddddddddddddcccccccccc yes
cccccccddcccccccccc yes
ccdccccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccddddccccccc yes
cddddddddddddddddddddccccccccc yes
cccccddddddddccccccccccc yes
cccccddcccccccccccccccc yes
ccdddddddddddddddddccc yes
ccccddddddddddddddccccc yes
cccccdddccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccddddcccc yes
cccccdddddddddddcccc yes
ccccccccccddddddccccccc yes
ccdddddddddddddcccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddddddcc yes
ccccccccccccccccdddc yes
ccddddddddddddddcc yes
cccccccccccccccccdddccc yes
ccccccccccddddddccc yes
cccccccccccccccccdddc yes
ccdddddcccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccddccccc yes
ccccdddddddddddccc yes
cccddddddddddddcccc yes
cccccccccccccdddccccc yes
cccccccccdddccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccccccddc yes
cccccccccccddddccccc yes
cccccccddddddddddcc yes
cccccccccccdddddddddc yes
ccddddddcccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccdddc yes
cccddddddcccccccccccc yes
ccccccccdddddddccccccc yes
ccccddddddcccccccccccccccc yes
ccddddddccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccddddcccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdddcc yes
ccdddddddddddddccc yes
cccccccccccccccdddddc yes
cccccccccccccccccccddc yes
ccccccccddcccccccc yes
ccccccddddddccccccc yes
cccccccdddddcccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccdddddddddddccccccc yes
ccccccddddddddccccc yes
ccccccccccccddddddddcccccc yes
ccccccccccddddddcccccc yes
ccdddddddddddccccccccccc yes
cccccccddddcccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdcccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccdddcccccc yes
cccccccccdddddddddddddccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccddddccccccc yes
ccddccccccccccc yes
ccccccccddddccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccdddddddddddddddcc yes
ccccccccccccccccccdcc yes
cddddddddddddddddcccccc yes
cccccddddddddddccccccccc yes
cccccccccdccccccccc yes
cdddddddddcccccccc yes
cccccdddddddccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccccccddc yes
ccccccccccccccccccccdddddddddddddcc yes
ccccccccddddccccccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddddddddddddddddccccc yes
ccccdddcccccccccccccc yes
ccccdddddcccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdddddccccc yes
cccccccddddddcccccccc yes
ccccccddddddddcccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddccccccc yes
cccccccddddddcccccc yes
cccccccccddddddcccccc yes
cccccddddddddcccccc yes
cccccdddddddddddddddcc yes
ccccccddddddddddddddddddccccc yes
cccccccccdddddddddddcccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccdcc yes
cccccccdddcccccc yes
cccccccccdddddddddddcc yes
cccccccccccccccddccccc yes
cdddddddddddddddddddddccccccc yes
ccddddddcccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccdddcccccccccccccccccccc yes
cdddddddddddddddddddcc yes
cccccccccddddddcc yes
ccccccccccccccdcccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccdddddc yes
cccccccccddddcccccc yes
ccdddddddddddcccccccc yes
ccccccccccccddddddddddc yes
cccccccdcccccccccccccc yes
ccccddddddddddcccccc yes
cccccddddcccc yes
ccccccccccccccddcccc yes
ccddddddddddddcccccccc yes
cddddddddcccccccccc yes
cccccdddddddddddccccccc yes
cccddcccccccccccccccc yes
ccddddddddddcccccccccc yes
cccccccccccdddccccccccccc yes
cddccccccccccccccccc yes
ccdddddccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccddddddddddddccccccccccc yes
cdddddddddddddddccc yes
ccccdddddddddccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccdcccc yes
ccccccccccccccddcccccccccccc yes
cccccccddddddcc yes
ccccccccccddddddcc yes
ccccccccccccdddddddddccccccccccc yes
cccccccddddccccccccccccc yes
cccccdddddddddccccc yes
ccdddddddddddddddddddcccccc yes
ccccccccdcccccccccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddddccc yes
cccccccdddddddddcccc yes
cccccccdddddcccccc yes
cccccccccccccdddddddccccc yes
cdddddddddddccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccddcccccccc yes
cccddddddccccccccc yes
cccccccccccddddccc yes
ccccccddddcccccccc yes
ccccccccccddccccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddddcccccc yes
cddddcccccccccccccc yes
ccdddddddddddcccc yes
ccddddddddddccccccccc yes
cccccccccccdddddcc yes
ccddddddccccccccc yes
ccccccccddddddddddcccccc yes
cdddddddddddddddddccccccccc yes
ccccddddddddccccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccddddcccccccccccccccccc yes
cdddddddddddddddddddccccccc yes
ccccccccccccddcccccccccc yes
cddddddddccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccddddddddddddcccccc yes
ccccddddddddcccccc yes
cccdddddddddddddddddddccccccccccc yes
ccccccddddddcccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccdddddcccc yes
cccccccccccccddddddddddccc yes
cddddddddddddddddddc yes
cdcccccccccccccccc yes
ccdddddddddddccccc yes
cccccccccccccdccccc yes
cccccccdccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccdcccccccccccccc yes
cccccccddddddddddddddccccc yes
ccccccccccdddccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccccddcccc yes
ccdddddddddddddddddc yes
ccccccccccccccccddddddddcccc yes
cccccccccdcccccccccccccc yes
cccdddddddddddddcccccc yes
ccccddddddcccccccc yes
cdddccccccccccccccc yes
ccccdddddddddddddddc yes
ccccccccccdcccccccccccc yes
cccccdddddddddcc yes
ccccccddddddddddddddcc yes
cccccddddddccccccccccc yes
ccccccdddddddcccccccc yes
cdddddddddddccccccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddccccc yes
ccccddddddddddddccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccdcccccc yes
cccccccccddddddcccccccc yes
ccccdcccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccdccccccccccc yes
ccccccddddddddddddcc yes
cdddddddddcccccccccc yes
cccccccccccddddcccc yes
cccdddddddddddddddddccc yes
ccccccddddddcccccccccc yes
ccccccccddcccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccdddddddddcccccccccccc yes
ccccccddccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccdddccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccdddddddddddc yes
ccccccccccccddddddddcc yes
ccccccccdccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccddccccccccccccccccc yes
cccddddddddddccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccccdddddddcc yes
cccddddddddddddddddc yes
ccdddddddddddddddddddddc yes
cccdddccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccddddddddddddddddccccc yes
ccccccccddddddddcccccc yes
ccccdddddddddccccccccccccc yes
cccccccdddddddddddddcc yes
cccccddddddcccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccddddddccc yes
cccccccccddddddcccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccdddddddddddddccc yes
cccccdddddddcccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccddddccc yes
cccccccdddddcccccccccc yes
ccccccddddddddddc yes
cccccddddddddddddddccccc yes
cccccccccddcccccccccc yes
cccccccdccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdddddddddc yes
ccccddddddddddcccc yes
ccccddddddddddccccccc yes
cdddddddddddddddddddcccccc yes
ccccccccccccccddddddccccc yes
cccddddddddddddddddddc yes
cccccccddddddccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccddddddddcc yes
ccccccccccccdddddddddddddc yes
cddddddddddddddcc yes
cccccccccccddcccccc yes
ccccddddccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddddddddc yes
ccccccccccccddddccccc yes
ccccccccccccdddddcccc yes
cccccccccdddddcccc yes
ccccccdcccccccccccccc yes
cccccddcccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccddcccc yes
ccccccccccccdddcccc yes
cccccdddddddccccccccc yes
cdddddddddddddddddddccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdddddcc yes
cccccccdddddddddddcccc yes
ccccddddddddddddc yes
cccdddccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdccc yes
cccccccccccccccddddc yes
cccccdddddccccccccccc yes
cccccccccdddddddddccccccccc yes
cccddddddddddddddddcccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccccddddcc yes
cccccccccccddddddcccccc yes
cccdcccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccdccccccccc yes
cccccccccccdcccccccccc yes
cccccccdddcccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccddddccccccccccc yes
ccccdddddccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdddddddddcc yes
cccccccccccdddddc yes
cccccccccdcccccccccc yes
cccccccccdddcccccccc yes
ccccccdddddddddccc yes
ccccccccccddddcc yes
cccccccccccccccddddddc yes
ccccccccccddddddcccc yes
ccccccddddddddddddddccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccdddddddddddddccccc yes
ccccddddcccccccccccccc yes
cccccccddccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccdddddccccccccccc yes
cccccccccddddddddddddddddcc yes
cccccccccddddddddddddcccccccc yes
cccccccccccddddc yes
cccccddddddcccccccc yes
ccccdcccccccccccc yes
ccccccdddddddddddddcccc yes
cccccccdddddccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccdddddddccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccdddddccc yes
cccccccccccccdddddddddcccc yes
ccccccccccccccddccccccccccc yes
cccccccdddddddddddc yes
cccccccccdddddddddddddddddc yes
cddddddddddddccccccccc yes
ccccccccddddcccc yes
cccccccccccdddccc yes
ccccccccccdddddccccccc yes
cccddddddddddcccc yes
ccccccccccccddccccccccccccccc yes
cccdddddddddddddddccccc yes
ccccccccddddddcccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccdddddc yes
ccccdddddddddddddccccc yes
ccddddddcccccccccccccc yes
ccccdddccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccdddc yes
ccccccddddddddcccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccccdcc yes
ccccccccccccccccccddcccccccc yes
ccccccccccddccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccccddcccc yes
ccccccccddddddddddcccc yes
cccccdddddccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccdccc yes
cccdddddddddcccccccc yes
cccccccccddccccccccc yes
cdddddccccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccddddcccccccc yes
ccccccccccdddddccc yes
ccccccddddddddcccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccccddddddddddcccccc yes
cccdddddddddddcccc yes
ccccccccddddddddddc yes
ccccdddddddddcccccccccc yes
ccccccccddcccccccccccc yes
cccccccccdddddddddcccc yes
cccccccccccdddccccc yes
ccccdddddcccccccc yes
ccccccccddddddcccccccc yes
ccccccccdccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccdddccc yes
cccccccdddccccccccc yes
ccccdddcccccccccc yes
ccdcccccccccccccccccccccccccc yes
cdddcccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccdddccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccddddcccccccc yes
ccccccccdddddddddcccc yes
ccccccddddddccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccdddddc yes
ccccccccccddccccccccccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccdddddddddddc yes
ccccccddddddccc yes
ccddddddddddddcccccccccccccc yes
cccccccddddccccccccc yes
ccccccdddddddddddddccc yes
cccccccccddddddddddddcccccc yes
cccddcccccccccccccc yes
cddddddddccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccdddddddddccc yes
cccdddddccccccccc yes
cccccccddddddddddddcccc yes
cddcccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccddddddddddddddccccccc yes
ccdddddddddddddddddcccccc yes
ccccdcccccccccccccc yes
cccccddddddddddddddddddddddccccc yes
cccccccccccccccdddddcccccccccccccc yes
cccccccdddddddddddcc yes
ccccccccccccddddcccccc yes
cccccccccddddcccccccc yes
cccccccccdddcccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccddddccc yes
ccddddddddddddddddccccc yes
cccccccccccccddddddcccccccccccc yes
ccccccddddddddddddddc yes
ccddddddddddcccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccddcc yes
ccccccccccccddcccccc yes
cccdddcccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccdccccccccccc yes
cccddddccccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccdddddddcc yes
cdddddddcccccccccccccc yes
cccccccddcccccccccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccddddccccccc yes
cccdddddcccccccccccc yes
cccccccdddddddddcccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccddddddddccccccccc yes
ccdddcccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccdddddccccccc yes
cccdddddddcccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccddddc yes
cccccccccccccccddddccc yes
cccddddddddddddddddccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccddccc yes
cccccccccddddccccccccc yes
ccccccccdddddddddddddddccccccc yes
cccccccccdccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccdddddddddcccccccc yes
cccccddddddddcccccccccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddddddccccccccc yes
ccccdddddddddccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccccddcccccc yes
ccccccdddccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccddddddddddddddddccc yes
cccccccccccccccdddddddddddcccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccdddddddddc yes
cccccccddddddddddddcccccccc yes
cccccddddddddddddcccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccddccc yes
ccccdddddddddcccccc yes
ccccccdddddddddddcccccccccc yes
ccccccddccccccccccccc yes
ccccddddddddddddccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccddddccccccccccccc yes
cccccddddddddddddcccccc yes
ccccccccccccddddcccc yes
ccccccccccccccddddddddddc yes
ccccccccccccdddddddddc yes
ccccddddccccccccccccccc yes
cdddddddccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccdcccccccc yes
cccccccccccddccccccccc yes
cccccdddcccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccddddddddddccccc yes
ccddcccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccddddddddddddddccc yes
cccccccccccccdddddddcccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdddddddccc yes
cccccccccccddddddddccc yes
ccccccccddddddddccc yes
cccccccdddddddddddddddccc yes
cccccccccccccddddddcccccc yes
ccdddddcccccccccccccccc yes
ccccddddddddddddddddccccc yes
ccccccccccccdddddcccccc yes
cddddddddddddccccccc yes
ccccccccccddddddddddddddcccccc yes
cccdddddddddddddddddddddddddcc yes
ccccccccccddddddddddddddccc yes
ccccddddddddddddddcccc yes
cddddddddddddddddccccc yes
ccccccccccccccddccccccccccccc yes
cdddddddddddddddddddddcc yes
ccdddddddddccccccccccc yes
cccdddddddddccccccc yes
ccccdddccccccccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddddcccccccc yes
ccccccdddcccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccdddccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccdccccc yes
cccccccccccccddccccccc yes
ccccccddddddddddddddddcccccc yes
cccddddddddccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccdddddcccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccdcccccccccccc yes
ccdddddddcccccccccccccc yes
ccccddddddddddccccc yes
ccccccddddddddccccccccc yes
ccccccddddddddddddccc yes
cddddddddddddddddddccccccccccc yes
cccddddddddddddddddccccccccccccccc yes
cccdddddddddddddddddccccc yes
cccdddccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccdddddddddddddddddcccccc yes
ccccccccdddddddddccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccdddddddddcc yes
cccccccccccdddddddddccccccccc yes
cccddddddddddccccccc yes
cccccdddddddddddccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccdddddcccccc yes
ccccccdddddddddddccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccdddc yes
ccdddddddcccccccccccccccc yes
ccccdddddddddddcccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccccccdcccc yes
ccdddddddddddddddcccccc yes
cddddccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccddcccccccccccccc yes
cccddddddddddddddddcccccccccc yes
ccccccccdddddddddddddddc yes
ccccccccdddddddddccccccc yes
ccdddddddddddddddccccccc yes
cccccccdddddddccccccccccccc yes
cccccddddddddccccc yes
cccccccccdddddddddddccc yes
ccddddcccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccddddddddddddc yes
cdddddddddddddcccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccddddcccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccddccccccccc yes
ccccddddddddcccc yes
cccdddccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccdddddccc yes
ccccddddddddddddddddcccc yes
cccccccddddddddddddccccccc yes
cccccddddddddcccccccccc yes
ccccccccccddcccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdddddddcc yes
ccccccccccddddddc yes
cccccccccccccccdddccccccccc yes
cccdddddddccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdddcccccc yes
cccccccccccddccccccccccccc yes
cccccdddddddddddddcc yes
cccccdcccccccccccccc yes
cccccccdccccccccccc yes
ccccddddcccccccccccc yes
ccccccccddcccccccccc yes
cccdddddddddddddddddc yes
ccccccccccccccddccccc yes
cccccccddddddddddc yes
ccccccccccddddddddccc yes
ccccccccdddddddddddddddddccc yes
cdddddddddddccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccddddddddddddddcc yes
cccccccccccccddddddddc yes
cccccccccdddccccccc yes
ccccccccdddddcccccccccccccc yes
cccccdccccccccccccccc yes
cccccddddddddcccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccdddddddddddddddc yes
cccccccccdddcccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccddcccccc yes
cdcccccccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccddddddddddccc yes
ccddddddddddcccccc yes
cccdddddddddddccc yes
cccccccccccccdddddddc yes
cccccccddddddddddddddddcccc yes
cccccccccccddddddddc yes
cccccccccccccccccccccddddddccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccdddddcccc yes
cccccccddddddddccccccccc yes
cddddddddddddddddddcccc yes
cddddddddccccccccccccccccccc yes
cdddccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccddcccccccccccccc yes
ccddddddccccccccccccccc yes
ccdcccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccdddddddddcccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccddcccccccccc yes
ccccdddddddddddddddddccc yes
ccccdddddddcccccccc yes
ccdddddddddddcccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccdddddddddc yes
cccccccdddddcccccccc yes
ccccccdddddddddddddddccc yes
cccdddddddddddddddccc yes
cddddddddddddddcccccccc yes
cccddddcccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccddddddddddddddddc yes
cccccccccddddcccc yes
ccccdddddddddddddcccc yes
cccccccccddddccccccccccc yes
cdddddddcccccccccccccccccc yes
cccddddccccccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccdddddddddccccc yes
cdddddddddccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccddccccc yes
cccdddddddddddddcccccccc yes
cccddddddddddddddccc yes
ccccddddddddddddddddddcc yes
ccccdddddddddddddddddc yes
cccccccccccddddddccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccccddccc yes
cccdddddddcccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdccccccc yes
cdddddddddddddcccccccc yes
cccdddddcccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccddddddddcccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccdddddddcc yes
ccdddddddddddddddddddddddddddddc yes
cccddddddddddddddccccc yes
ccccccccddddddddddddccc yes
ccdcccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccdddccc yes
cccccdddddddddddddddddddcc yes
ccccddddddddddcccccccc yes
cccccdddddcccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccdddddddddcccc yes
ccccdddddddcccccccccc yes
ccccccccccdcccccccc yes
ccdddddddddddddddcccc yes
cddddddddddddddddddddccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccdddcccc yes
ccddddddddccccccccccccccc yes
cccccddddccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccddddddddddddcc yes
cccccddddddddddddcccc yes
cccccccdddcccccccccc yes
ccccdccccccccccccccccc yes
cccdddddddddddccccccccc yes
cddccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccdddddddddddddddddddddddccc yes
cccccccccccccccccddc yes
ccccccccccccccccddddddc yes
cccccddccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccdddcccccc yes
ccccccccddddddccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccdc yes
cccccccccccccccccddddddc yes
ccccccccccccccccccccdddddcccccc yes
ccccccdddddccccccccccccccc yes
ccccddddddddccccccccc yes
cccccddddcccccccccccccc yes
cccccdcccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccdddcccccccccccccc yes
cccccccdddccccccccccc yes
ccccdddddddddddcccc yes
ccccccddcccccccccccc yes
cccccdddddddddccccccc yes
cccccccccddddddddddddddcccc yes
ccccccccccccdddddddddddddcccccccccc yes
cccdddddddccccccccccc yes
cccccccccdddddddddddddcc yes
cccccddddddddddddddddddddc yes
ccdddddddddddddddccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccccddc yes
cddddddddddddddddddddcc yes
cccccccccccddcccccccccc yes
ccccdcccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccdcccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccdddddddcccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdddccccc yes
ccdddddddccccccccccccccc yes
ccddddddddddcccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccddddddddddcccccc yes
cccdddccccccccccc yes
ccccdddddddddddddddddcc yes
cdddddddddddddcccccc yes
ccccccccccdcccccccccc yes
ccccdddddddddcccccccccccccccc yes
cccdccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccddcccccccc yes
cccccccddccccccccc yes
cccdddddddddddddcccc yes
cccccddddddddddddccccccccccc yes
ccccddddccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccddddddcc yes
ccccdddddddddddddddddccccccc yes
cccccccccccdddddddddccccc yes
ccccccccccdddcccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccdcccc yes
ccddddddddddddddddccccccc yes
cddddddddddddddddddccc yes
cccccccddddddccccccc yes
cdddddddddddcccccccc yes
ccccccccdccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccddddddccc yes
cccddddddcccccccccccccc yes
cccccdddddddddddddccccc yes
ccccccddcccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccdddddddddddddcccccccccccc yes
cccddddddddddccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccdddddddddddccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccdddddddddccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccdddccccccc yes
cccccccccccdddcccccccc yes
ccccdddccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccddddddddccc yes
cccddddddddddddddddcccc yes
cccccccccddddddccccccc yes
ccdddddddccccccccccc yes
ccdddddddcccccccc yes
cccdddddddddddddddcccccc yes
ccccccdcccccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccddddddc yes
cccddddddddddddcccccc yes
ccccccdddddddddddddddc yes
cccccccccccccccddddccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccddddddccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccdddddddddddccc yes
cccccccccccddddccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccdddcccccc yes
cccccdddccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdddddddddddddc yes
cddddddddddddddddccccccccc yes
cccccdddddddddddcccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccddddcccccc yes
cddccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccddddcccccccccc yes
ccccccccddddddddddccc yes
cdddddddddcccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccdddccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccddcccc yes
cccdddddddddddddccccc yes
cccccccdddddddddcccccccccccc yes
cccccccccdddddddddddddddcc yes
ccccccdddddddddddddddddccc yes
cccccccddddddddddccccc yes
ccccccccccccddccccccc yes
cccddccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccddddcccc yes
ccccdddddddddddddddcc yes
ccccdddddddddddddddcccccccccc yes
ccccdddddddddddddccc yes
ccccdddcccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccddccccccccc yes
ccdcccccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccddddddcccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccdddddddddc yes
cddddddddddddddddddcc yes
ccccccccccccdddccccccc yes
cccccccccddddddddddddddccccccc yes
cccccccccddddddddddddcc yes
ccccdddddddddddddddddddddccc yes
ccccdddddddddddccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccddddddddddddddddddddc yes
ccccccccddccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccddddddddddcc yes
ccccddddddccccccccccccc yes
ccccddccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccddddddcccc yes
cccccccdddddddddddddccc yes
cccccccccccddddcccccc yes
cccdddccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccdccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccddddddddddddcc yes
cccccccdddddddddddddddddddc yes
ccdccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccddddccccccccc yes
ccccdddddddccccccccc yes
cdddddddddcccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccdddddddcccccc yes
ccccccccdddddcccccc yes
cccccccccddccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccdddcc yes
ccccdccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccddddcccccccccc yes
ccccccccddddddddddddccccccc yes
cdddccccccccccccc yes
cccccdddcccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccddddddddddcccccccccccc yes
cccccccdddddddcccccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddddddddddcc yes
cccccccddddddddddccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccdddddc yes
ccccccccccccdddddddddddddccccc yes
ccccccccccdddddddddddddddddccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdddccc yes
ccccccdddddddddccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccddddcccc yes
cccdddddddddddddddcccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccdddcccc yes
cccccccccccccddddddccccccc yes
cccccccccccdddddccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccdcccccccc yes
ccccccccccdddddddcccccc yes
ccccccccddddddccccc yes
ccccccccdddddddddddddddddcc yes
ccccccdddddddddddccccccc yes
ccccddddddddddddcccc yes
cccccccccccccccccdddddddc yes
cccccddddddddccccccccc yes
cccccddddddddddddddddddc yes
cccccccddddddddccccc yes
ccccccccccdddccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccddddccccccccccc yes
ccccccddddddddddddddddcccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccccdddcc yes
ccccccccccccdddcccccccccccccc yes
cccddddddddddddddddccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccdddddddddddddddddddddc yes
ccccccccddddddddddddddddddddddddccc yes
cccccccdccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccddddcccccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdddddddccccc yes
cccdddddddddcccccccccccccccc yes
cccdddddddddddddccccccc yes
ccccccccccccdddddccccccc yes
cccccdddddddddddddccc yes
cccccccccddcccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccdddcccc yes
ccccccccccccccccdddddcccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccccccdc yes
cccddddcccccccccccc yes
cccccccccddddddccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccddddddddddccccccccccc yes
cccccddddddddddddddddddddddc yes
cddddddddddccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccddddddddcccccccc yes
cccccddddddddddcccccc yes
ccccccddddccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccccdcccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccccccccdddddc yes
cccccddddddddddddddddddddcccccccccc yes
ccccdccccccccccccccccccccccccc yes
cdddddddddddddccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccdddddddddcc yes
ccccdddddccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccdddddddddccc yes
ccccccccccccdddddddc yes
cdddddcccccccccccccc yes
ccccddddddddddddcccccccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddddddddcccc yes
cccccccccddddddddcccccc yes
cccccccccdddddcccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccdccccccccccccccc yes
cccccdddddcccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccdcccccc yes
ccccccccccdddddddddddcc yes
cccddddddddddddddddccc yes
ccddddddddddddccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccdddccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccdddccc yes
cccdddccccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccdcccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccdccccc yes
ccdddddddddddddddddcccc yes
cccccccccccdddddddddddc yes
ccccdddddddddccccccccccc yes
cccccccddcccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccddddddccccccccc yes
ccccdddddddddddddddcccccccc yes
cccccddddddddddddddcc yes
ccccccccccccccccccddccccc yes
cccccccdddcccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccdddddddc yes
cccccccddddddddddddddc yes
ccccccccccddddddccccccccc yes
ccddddddddddddddccccccccccc yes
cccdddddccccccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccddddcccccccccc yes
ccccccddddcccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccddddddc yes
cccccdddddddddddddddddcc yes
cccccccccccccccccdddddddddddddddddddddcccc yes
ccccccccccccddddddcccc yes
ccccccccccccccccddddddddddddddddddc yes
cccccccccddcccccccc yes
ccccddddddddddccccccccc yes
cccddcccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccddcccccccccccccc yes
cccccccddddccccccccccc yes
cccdcccccccccccccccccccc yes
cccdddddddddddddddddddcccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccddddddddddcccc yes
ccddddcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccdddddddddddddcc yes
ccccdddddddddcccccccccccc yes
cccddccccccccccccccccccccc yes
ccccccccddddddcccccc yes
cdddddddddddddddddccc yes
ccccccccccccdddddddcccc yes
ccccccccdddddddccccccccccc yes
ccccddddddddcccccccccccccccccc yes
cccdddddddddddddccccccccccc yes
ccccccccccccccddddddcccccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccdcccccc yes
ccccccccdddddcccccccc yes
cccccddddccccccccccccc yes
cccccccccccccccccccccccccddcccc yes
ccccccccccccccccccddcc yes
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccddccccccc yes
